[Bug] Add Auth Endpoint to BMC Helix Remedy Force (#13710)
demisto/content: Packs/BmcHelixRemedyForce/ReleaseNotes/1_0_7.md

#### Integrations
##### BMC Helix Remedyforce

> - Added a new optional parameter **BMC Remedyforce Login URL**. Use a custom authentication URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new optional parameter **BMC Remedyforce Login URL** to be used as a custom authentication URL.
```

> - Updated Docker image to *demisto/python3:3.9.6.22912*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.6.22912*.
```
